

1
A - Project identification
A.1 Project identification
Project id (automatically created){{applicationId}}
Name of the lead partner organisationLead Partner in original language
Name of the lead partner organisation in 
English
Lead Partner in english
Project titleAPI generated application title DE
Project acronym{{acronym}}
Programme priorityPO1 Innovation EN
Specific objectiveSO1.1: Developing and enhancing research and 
innovation capacities and the uptake of advanced 
technologies
Project duration in months24
A.2 Project summary
Please give a short overview of the project and describe:
the common challenge of the programme area you are jointly tackling in your project;
the overall objective of the project and the expected change your project will make to the current 
situation;
the main outputs you will produce and those who will benefit from them;
the approach you plan to take and why a cross-border/transnational/inter-regional approach is 
needed;
what is new/original about the project.
API generated application summary DE
API generated application summary EN

2
A.3 Project budget overview
Programme fundingContribution
Total project
budget
Funding sourceFunding
amount
Co-financing
rate (%)
Automatic public
contribution
Other public
contribution
Total public
contribution
Private
contribution
Total contri
bution
ERDF DE38,058.4760.00 %0.0025,372.3225,372.320.0025,372.3263,430.79
Neighbourhood 
CBC DE
0.000.00 %0.000.000.000.000.000.00
Total EU funds38,058.4760.00 %0.0025,372.3225,372.320.0025,372.3263,430.79
Total project 
budget
38,058.4760.00 %0.0025,372.3225,372.320.0025,372.3263,430.79

3
A.4 Project outputs and result overview
Programme Output IndicatorAggregated value per
Programme output
indicator
Measur
ement 
Unit
Out
put
Output TitleOutput
target
value
Programme 
result indicator
Ba
sel
ine
Result
indicator
target value
Measur
ement 
unit
Enterprises supported (of 
which: micro, small, medium, 
large)
8.00enterpri
ses
Out
put 
1.1
API generated 
output 1 title 
DE
3.00Jobs created in 
supported 
entities
0.0
0
13.00annual 
FTEs
Out
put 
1.2
API generated 
output 2 title 
DE
5.00

4
B - Project partners
Partners overview
NumberStatusName of the organisation in 
english
CountryOrganisation 
abbreviation
Partner 
role
Associated 
organisations
Partner total eligible 
budget
1ActiveLead Partner in englishÖsterreich 
(AT)
Lead PartnerLP63,430.79

5
B.1 Lead partner
Partner number1
Partner roleLP
Name of the organisation in original languageLead Partner in original language
Name of the organisation in englishLead Partner in english
Organisation abbreviationLead Partner
Department / unit / divisionAPI generated department / unit / division DE
Partner main address
CountryÖsterreich (AT)
NUTS 2Wien (AT13)
NUTS 3Wien (AT130)
Street, House number, Postal code, City Partnerstreet2
 1020Partner city
Homepagepartner@test.com
Address of department / unit / division (if applicable)
CountryÖsterreich (AT)
NUTS 2Oberösterreich (AT31)
NUTS 3Linz-Wels (AT312)
Street, House number, Postal code, City Departmentstreet5
 4020Department city
Legal and financial information
Type of partnerLocal public authority
Subtype of partnerMicro enterprise
Legal statusPublic
Sector of activity at NACE group levelA.03.22
VAT number (if applicable)123456
Is your organisation entitled to recover VAT 
based on national legislation for the activities 
implemented in the project?
Yes

6
Legal and financial information
Other identifier number654321
Other identifier descriptionAPI generated other identifier description DE
PIC (from EC Participant Register)123456789
Contact
Legal representative  MrLegalRepresentative
Contact person  MsContactPerson
Emailcontact@person.com
Telephone no.+1234567890
Motivation
Which of the organisation's thematic competences and experiences are relevant for the project?
API generated partner motivation DE
What is the role (contribution and main activities) of your organisation in the project?
API generated partner role DE
If applicable, describe the organisation's experience in participating in and/or managing EU co-
financed projects or other international projects.
API generated partner experience DE
Co-financing
SourceAmountPercentage
ERDF38,058.4760.00 %
Partner contribution25,372.3240.00 %
Partner total eligible budget63,430.79100.00 %
Origin of partner contribution
Source of contributionLegal status of contributionAmount% of total partner budget
Lead PartnerPublic25,372.3240.00 %
Total
Sub-total public contribution25,372.3240.00 %
Sub-total automatic public contribution0.000.00 %

7
Total
Sub-total private contribution0.000.00 %
Total25,372.3240.00 %
State Aid
State aid criteria self-check
Criterium I: Is the partner involved in economic activities through the project?
1. Will the project applicant implement 
activities and/or offer goods/services for 
which a market exists?
YesAPI generated partner state aid criterium 1 
justification 1 DE
2. Are there activities/goods/services that 
could have been undertaken by an operator 
with the view to making profit (even if this is 
not the applicant’s intention)?
NoAPI generated partner state aid criterium 1 
justification 2 DE
Criterium II: Does the partner receive an undue advantage in the framework of the project?
1. Does the project applicant plan to carry out 
the economic activities on its own i.e. not to 
select an external service provider via public 
procurement procedures for example?
NoAPI generated partner state aid criterium 2 
justification 1 DE
2. Will the project applicant, any other operator 
not included in the project as a project partner 
or the target audience gain any benefits from 
its project economic activities, not received in 
the normal course of business (i.e. not 
received in the absence of funding granted 
through the project)?
YesAPI generated partner state aid criterium 2 
justification 2 DE
Result of State aid criteria self-check:There is a risk of indirect aid
State aid relevant activitiesActivity1.1
GBER scheme / de minimisGeneral de minimis

8
Associated organisations
NumberStatusName of the organisation in original 
language
Name of the responsible project 
partner

9
C - Project description
C.1 Project overall objective
Below, you can see the Programme priority specific objective your project will contribute to (chosen in 
section A.1.).
SO1.1: Developing and enhancing research and innovation capacities and the uptake of advanced 
technologies
Project overall objective
Now think about your main objective – what do you aim to achieve by the end of your project? Remember 
your project needs to contribute to the programme’s objective.
Your objective should:
be realistic and achievable by the end of the project, or shortly after;
specify who needs project results and in which territory;
be measurable – indicate the change you are aiming for.
API generated application overall objective DE

10
C.2 Project relevance and context
C.2.1 What are the common territorial challenge(s) that will be tackled by the project?
Please describe why your project is needed in the programme area and the relevance of your project for 
the programme area, in terms of common challenges and opportunities addressed.
API generated application territorial challenge DE
C.2.2 How does the project tackle identified common challenges and/or opportunities and what is new 
about the approach the project takes?
Please describe new solutions that will be developed during the project and/or existing solutions that will 
be adopted and implemented during the project lifetime. Describe also in what way the approach goes 
beyond existing practice in the sector/programme area/participating countries.
API generated application common challenge DE
C.2.3 Why is cross-border/transnational/inter-regional cooperation needed to achieve the project’s 
objectives and result?
Please explain why the project objectives cannot be efficiently reached acting only on a national/regional
/local level and/or describe what benefits the project partners/target groups/ project area/programme 
area gain in taking a cross-border/transnational/inter-regional approach.
API generated application transitional cooperation DE
C.2.4 Who will benefit from your project outputs?
In the first column of each row, please select one of the pre-defined target groups from the drop-down list. 
In the second column explain in more detail exactly who will benefit from your project. For example, if you 
choose the category education, you need to explain which specific schools or groups of schools and in 
which territory.
Target GroupSpecification
Local public authorityAPI generated application benefits DE
C.2.5 How does the project contribute to wider strategies and policies?
Please indicate to which strategies and policies your project will contribute. Then describe in what way you 
will contribute.
StrategyContribution
 EU Strategy for the Adriatic and Ionian Region
Strategy
API generated application strategy contribution 
DE

11
C.2.6 Which synergies with past or current EU and other projects or initiatives will the project make use 
of?
Project or InitiativeSynergy
API generated application initiative DE API generated application synergy DE
C.2.7 How does the project build on available knowledge?
Please describe the experiences/lessons learned that the project draws on, and other available knowledge 
the project capitalises on.
API generated application available knowledge DE

12
C.3 Project partnership
Describe the structure of your partnership and explain why these partners are needed to implement the 
project and to achieve project objectives. What is the contribution of each partner to the project?
API generated project partnership DE

13
C.4 Project work plan
NumberWork package name
1API generated project work package title DE

14
Work package 1
Work package title
API generated project work package title DE
Objectives
Your objectives should be:
realistic and achievable by the end of the project;
specific (who needs project outputs delivered in this work package, and in which territory);
measurable – indicate the change you are aiming for.
Define one project specific objective that will be achieved when all activities in this work package are 
implemented and outputs delivered.
API generated specific objective DE
Think about the communication objective that will contribute to the achievement of the specific objective. 
Communication objectives aim at changes in a target audience's behaviour, knowledge or belief.
API generated project objective and audience DE
Activities
Activity 1.1
TitleAPI generated activity 1 title DE
Start period  Period1, 1- 3
End period  Period4, 10- 12
DescriptionAPI generated activity translation DE
Partner(s) involved
Deliverables 1.1
Running 
number
Deliverable titleDescriptionDelivery 
period
D.1.1.1API generated activity 
deliverable title DE
API generated activity deliverable 
description DE
  Period2, 4- 
6
D.1.1.2API generated activity 
deliverable title DE
API generated activity deliverable 
description DE
  Period4, 10
- 12

15
Activity 1.2
TitleAPI generated activity 2 title DE
Start period  Period5, 13- 15
End period  Period8, 22- 24
DescriptionAPI generated activity translation DE
Partner(s) involved
Deliverables 1.2
Running 
number
Deliverable titleDescriptionDelivery 
period
D.1.2.1API generated activity 
deliverable title DE
API generated activity deliverable 
description DE
  Period3, 7- 
9
D.1.2.2API generated activity 
deliverable title DE
API generated activity deliverable 
description DE
  Period5, 13
- 15
Outputs
Output 1.1
Output TitleAPI generated output 1 title DE
Programme Output IndicatorOI1: Enterprises supported (of which: micro, small, 
medium, large)
Measurement Unitenterprises
Target Value3.00
Delivery period  Period3, 7- 9
Output DescriptionAPI generated output 1 description DE
Output 1.2
Output TitleAPI generated output 2 title DE
Programme Output IndicatorOI1: Enterprises supported (of which: micro, small, 
medium, large)
Measurement Unitenterprises
Target Value5.00

16
Output 1.2
Delivery period  Period4, 10- 12
Output DescriptionAPI generated output 2 description DE
Investments
Investment 1.1
Title
API generated investment title DE
Expected delivery period
  Period1, 1- 3
Justification
Please explain why this investment is needed.
API generated investment justification DE
Please clearly describe the cross-border/transnational relevance of the investment.
API generated investment transnational relevance DE
Please describe who is benefiting (e.g. partners, regions, end-users, etc.) from this investment, and in what 
way.
API generated investment benefits DE
In the case of pilot investment, please clarify which problem it tackles, which findings you expect from it, 
how it can be replicated, and how the experience coming from it will be used for the benefit of the 
programme area.
API generated investment pilot clarification DE
Location of the physical investment
CountryDeutschland (DE)
NUTS 2Stuttgart (DE11)
NUTS 3Stuttgart, Stadtkreis (DE111)
   StreetHouse number,Postal code,City   Investmentstreet1,1010,Investment city
Risk associated with the investment

17
Describe the risk associated with the investment, go/no-go decisions, etc. (if any).
API generated investment risk DE
Investment documentation
Please list all technical requirements and permissions (e.g. building permits) required for the investment 
according to the respective national legislation. If these are already available, attach them to this 
application form, otherwise indicate when you expect them to be available.
API generated investment technical requirements DE
For investments in infrastructure with an expected lifespan of at least five years, please indicate whether 
an assessment of expected impacts of climate change has been carried out. Should it be necessary, you 
must be ready to submit this documentation to the relevant programme body/ies.
API generated investment climate change assessment DE
Ownership
Who owns the site where the investment is located?
API generated investment ownership DE
Who will retain ownership of the investment at the end of the project?
API generated investment ownership retainment DE
Who will take care of the maintenance of the investment? How will this be done?
API generated investment maintenance DE

18
C.5 Project Results
What do you expect to change because of the activities you plan to implement and the outputs you plan to 
deliver? Please take a look at the programme result indicators and select those that you will contribute to.
 Result1
Programme result indicatorRI1: Jobs created in supported entities
Measurement unitannual FTEs
Baseline0.00
Target value13.00
Delivery period  Period8, 22- 24
Result descriptionAPI generated project result description DE

19
C.6 Project Time Plan

20
C.7 Project management
In addition to the thematic work you will do in your project, you will need time and resources for 
coordination and internal communication. Please describe below how you plan to organise yourself to 
ensure the project work runs smoothly.
C.7.1 How will you coordinate your project?
Who will be responsible for coordination? Will you have any other management structures (e.g., thematic 
groups, WP managers)? How will the internal communication work?
API generated project coordination DE
C.7.2 Which measures will you take to ensure quality in your project?
Describe specific approaches and processes and responsible partners. If you plan to have any type of 
project evaluation, please describe its purpose and scope here.
API generated project quality DE
C.7.3 What will be the general approach you will follow to communicate about your project?
Who will coordinate project communication and how will he/she ensure the involvement of all partners? 
How will the communication function contribute to transfer your project results? Please note that all 
communication activities should be included in the work packages, as an integral part of your project. 
There is no need to repeat this information here.
API generated project communication DE
C.7.4 How do you foresee the financial management of the project and reporting procedures for 
activities and budget (within the partnership and towards the programme)?
Define responsibilities, deadlines in financial flows, reporting flows, project related transfers, reclaims, etc.
API generated project financial forecast DE
C.7.5 Cooperation criteria
Please select all cooperation criteria that apply to your project and describe how you will fulfil them.
Cooperation criteriaDescription
Joint developmentYesAPI generated project joint development DE
Joint implementationYesAPI generated project joint implementation DE
Joint staffingYesAPI generated project joint staffing DE
Joint financingYesAPI generated project joint financing DE

21
C.7.6 Horizontal principles
Please indicate which type of contribution to horizontal principles applies to the project, and justify your 
choice.
Horizontal principlesType of 
contribution
Description of contribution
Sustainable developmentnegative effectsAPI generated project sustainable 
development DE
Equal opportunities and non-
discrimination
neutralAPI generated project equal opportunities 
DE
Equality between men and womenpositive effectsAPI generated project equality DE

22
C.8 Long-term plans
As a programme, we would like to support projects that have a long-lasting effect in the territory and those 
who will benefit from them. Please describe below what you will do to ensure this.
C.8.1 Ownership
Please describe who will ensure the financial and institutional support for the outputs/deliverables 
developed by the project (e.g., tools), and explain how these outputs/deliverables will be integrated in the 
work of the institutions.
API generated project ownership DE
C.8.2 Durability
Some outputs/deliverables should be used by relevant groups (project partners or others) after the 
project's lifetime, in order to have a lasting effect on the territory and the population. For example, new 
practices in urban transport need to be used by local authorities to have cleaner air in the city, and the 
whole population will benefit from this. Please describe how your outputs/deliverables will be used after 
the project ends and by whom.
API generated project durability DE
C.8.3 Transferability
Some outputs/deliverables that you will deliver could be adapted or further developed to be used by other 
target groups or in other territories. What will you do to make sure that relevant groups are aware of your 
outputs/deliverables and are able to use them?
API generated project transferability DE