

1
A - Project identification
A.1 Project identification
Project id (automatically created)000{{applicationId}}
Name of the lead partner organisationName in org language
Name of the lead partner organisation in 
English
Name in english
Project titleProject title EN
Project acronym{{acronym}}
Programme priorityPO1 Innovation EN
Specific objectiveSO1.1: Developing and enhancing research and 
innovation capacities and the uptake of advanced 
technologies
Project duration in months18
A.2 Project summary
Please give a short overview of the project and describe:
the common challenge of the programme area you are jointly tackling in your project;
the overall objective of the project and the expected change your project will make to the current 
situation;
the main outputs you will produce and those who will benefit from them;
the approach you plan to take and why a cross-border/transnational/inter-regional approach is 
needed;
what is new/original about the project.
Summary EN

2
A.3 Project budget overview
Programme fundingContribution
Total project
budget
Funding sourceFunding
amount
Co-financing
rate (%)
Other public
contribution
Total public
contribution
Private
contribution
Total
contribution
ERDF383.3360.00 %255.56255.560.00255.56638.89
Neighbourhood 
CBC
0.000.00 %0.000.000.000.000.00
Total EU funds383.3360.00 %255.56255.560.00255.56638.89
Total project 
budget
383.3360.00 %255.56255.560.00255.56638.89

3
A.4 Project outputs and result overview
Programme Output 
Indicator
Aggregated value
per Programme
output indicator
Measurement 
Unit
OutputOutput 
Title
Output
target
value
Programme 
result 
indicator
BaselineResult
indicator
target
value
Measurement 
unit
Enterprises supported 
(of which: micro, small, 
medium, large)
3.00enterprisesOutput 
1.1
API 
generated 
output 1 
title EN
3.00Jobs created 
in supported 
entities
0.0013.00annual FTEs

4
B - Project partners
Partners overview
NumberStatusName of the organisation in englishCountryOrganisation abbreviationPartner rolePartner total eligible budget
1ActiveName in englishÅland Islands (AX)Lead PartnerLP638.89

5
B.1 Lead partner
Partner number1
Partner roleLP
Name of the organisation in original languageName in org language
Name of the organisation in englishName in english
Organisation abbreviationLead Partner
Department / unit / divisionDepartment EN
Partner main address
CountryÅland Islands (AX)
NUTS 2Åland Islands (AX00)
NUTS 3Åland Islands (AX000)
Street, House number, Postal code, City Street99
 9090Island city
Homepagecity@city.com
Address of department / unit / division (if applicable)
CountryÅland Islands (AX)
NUTS 2Åland Islands (AX00)
NUTS 3Åland Islands (AX000)
Street, House number, Postal code, City Secondstreet88
 8080City
Legal and financial information
Type of partnerOther
Legal statusInternal EN
VAT number (if applicable)233455666
Contact
Legal representative  MrLegalRep
Contact person  MsContactPerson
Emailcontact@address.com

6
Contact
Telephone no.+009988776655
Co-financing
SourceAmountPercentage
ERDF383.3360.00 %
Partner contribution255.5640.00 %
Partner total eligible budget638.89100.00 %
Origin of partner contribution
Source of contributionLegal status of contributionAmount% of total partner budget
Lead PartnerPublic255.5640.00 %

7
C - Project description
C.1 Project overall objective
Below, you can see the Programme priority specific objective your project will contribute to (chosen in 
section A.1.).
SO1.1: Developing and enhancing research and innovation capacities and the uptake of advanced 
technologies

8
C.2 Project relevance and context
C.2.1 What are the common territorial challenge(s) that will be tackled by the project?
Please describe why your project is needed in the programme area and the relevance of your project for 
the programme area, in terms of common challenges and opportunities addressed.
API generated application territorial challenge EN
C.2.2 How does the project tackle identified common challenges and/or opportunities and what is new 
about the approach the project takes?
Please describe new solutions that will be developed during the project and/or existing solutions that will 
be adopted and implemented during the project lifetime. Describe also in what way the approach goes 
beyond existing practice in the sector/programme area/participating countries.
API generated application common challenge EN
C.2.3 Why is cross-border/transnational/inter-regional cooperation needed to achieve the project’s 
objectives and result?
Please explain why the project objectives cannot be efficiently reached acting only on a national/regional
/local level and/or describe what benefits the project partners/target groups/ project area/programme 
area gain in taking a cross-border/transnational/inter-regional approach.
API generated application transitional cooperation EN
C.2.4 Who will benefit from your project outputs?
In the first column of each row, please select one of the pre-defined target groups from the drop-down list. 
In the second column explain in more detail exactly who will benefit from your project. For example, if you 
choose the category education, you need to explain which specific schools or groups of schools and in 
which territory.
Target GroupSpecification
Local public authorityAPI generated application benefits EN
C.2.5 How does the project contribute to wider strategies and policies?
Please indicate to which strategies and policies your project will contribute. Then describe in what way you 
will contribute.
StrategyContribution
 EU Strategy for the Adriatic and Ionian Region
Strategy
API generated application strategy contribution 
EN

9
C.2.6 Which synergies with past or current EU and other projects or initiatives will the project make use 
of?
Project or InitiativeSynergy
C.2.7 How does the project build on available knowledge?
Please describe the experiences/lessons learned that the project draws on, and other available knowledge 
the project capitalises on.
API generated application available knowledge EN

10
C.3 Project partnership
Describe the structure of your partnership and explain why these partners are needed to implement the 
project and to achieve project objectives. What is the contribution of each partner to the project?
API generated project partnership EN

11
C.4 Project work plan
Number
1

12
Work package 1
Objectives
Your objectives should be:
realistic and achievable by the end of the project;
specific (who needs project outputs delivered in this work package, and in which territory);
measurable – indicate the change you are aiming for.
Define one project specific objective that will be achieved when all activities in this work package are 
implemented and outputs delivered.
API generated specific objective EN
Think about the communication objective that will contribute to the achievement of the specific objective. 
Communication objectives aim at changes in a target audience's behaviour, knowledge or belief.
API generated project objective and audience EN
Activities
Activity 1.1
TitleAPI generated activity title EN
Start period  Period1, 1- 3
End period  Period4, 10- 12
DescriptionAPI generated activity description EN
Outputs
Output 1.1
Output TitleAPI generated output 1 title EN
Programme Output IndicatorOI1: Enterprises supported (of which: micro, small, 
medium, large)
Measurement Unitenterprises
Target Value3.00
Delivery period  Period3, 7- 9
Output DescriptionAPI generated output 1 description EN

13
C.5 Project Results
What do you expect to change because of the activities you plan to implement and the outputs you plan to 
deliver? Please take a look at the programme result indicators and select those that you will contribute to.
 Result1
Programme result indicatorRI1: Jobs created in supported entities
Measurement unitannual FTEs
Baseline0.00
Target value13.00
Result descriptionAPI generated project result description EN

14
C.6 Project Time Plan

15
C.7 Project management
In addition to the thematic work you will do in your project, you will need time and resources for 
coordination and internal communication. Please describe below how you plan to organise yourself to 
ensure the project work runs smoothly.
C.7.1 How will you coordinate your project?
Who will be responsible for coordination? Will you have any other management structures (e.g., thematic 
groups, WP managers)? How will the internal communication work?
API generated project coordination EN
C.7.2 Which measures will you take to ensure quality in your project?
Describe specific approaches and processes and responsible partners. If you plan to have any type of 
project evaluation, please describe its purpose and scope here.
API generated project quality EN
C.7.3 What will be the general approach you will follow to communicate about your project?
Who will coordinate project communication and how will he/she ensure the involvement of all partners? 
How will the communication function contribute to transfer your project results? Please note that all 
communication activities should be included in the work packages, as an integral part of your project. 
There is no need to repeat this information here.
API generated project communication EN
C.7.4 How do you foresee the financial management of the project and reporting procedures for 
activities and budget (within the partnership and towards the programme)?
Define responsibilities, deadlines in financial flows, reporting flows, project related transfers, reclaims, etc.
API generated project financial forecast EN
C.7.5 Cooperation criteria
Please select all cooperation criteria that apply to your project and describe how you will fulfil them.
Cooperation criteriaDescription
Joint developmentYesAPI generated project joint development EN
Joint implementationYesAPI generated project joint implementation EN
Joint staffingYesAPI generated project joint staffing EN
Joint financingYesAPI generated project joint financing EN

16
C.7.6 Horizontal principles
Please indicate which type of contribution to horizontal principles applies to the project, and justify your 
choice.
Horizontal principlesType of 
contribution
Description of contribution
Sustainable developmentnegative effectsAPI generated project sustainable 
development EN
Equal opportunities and non-
discrimination
neutralAPI generated project equal opportunities 
EN
Equality between men and womenpositive effectsAPI generated project equality EN

17
C.8 Long-term plans
As a programme, we would like to support projects that have a long-lasting effect in the territory and those 
who will benefit from them. Please describe below what you will do to ensure this.
C.8.1 Ownership
Please describe who will ensure the financial and institutional support for the outputs/deliverables 
developed by the project (e.g., tools), and explain how these outputs/deliverables will be integrated in the 
work of the institutions.
API generated project ownership EN
C.8.2 Durability
Some outputs/deliverables should be used by relevant groups (project partners or others) after the 
project's lifetime, in order to have a lasting effect on the territory and the population. For example, new 
practices in urban transport need to be used by local authorities to have cleaner air in the city, and the 
whole population will benefit from this. Please describe how your outputs/deliverables will be used after 
the project ends and by whom.
API generated project durability EN
C.8.3 Transferability
Some outputs/deliverables that you will deliver could be adapted or further developed to be used by other 
target groups or in other territories. What will you do to make sure that relevant groups are aware of your 
outputs/deliverables and are able to use them?
API generated project transferability EN